Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, I've had some things on my heart.
I could go a lot of different directions with this video.
Diana and I both—she's behind the camera today—had an experience with the Holy Spirit.
It was amazing the way He visited us.
He waited not on His day, but on Christmas, because we were celebrating.
We had our big party for Him, and we celebrated the Lord as a family like we always do.
I felt the presence of the Lord very strong.
I sat on the couch—we were celebrating Christmas together—and it was close to midnight.
I was sitting on the couch and He said, 'Hey Brandon.
' I said, 'Yes, Lord.
' I knew whenever He was about to talk.
I said, 'What's going on?
' and He said, 'It's almost Diana's birthday.
I want you to go and get her...
I want you to play a happy birthday song and I want you to get ready.
I want you to celebrate her really big for Me.
' I said, 'For You, Lord?
I'll do it.
' So I went and I got the radio and I got the music so Stevie Wonder could sing 'Happy Birthday.
' At the moment, because I had lost track of time, the Holy Spirit wanted it to be special at the exact second.
So I turned the music on, got it all going, and we all did our little dance and celebrated and had fun with the kids because it was Diana's birthday.
Now He said, 'Sit down, I have something to say.
' I was like, 'Whoa.
' The prophetic anointing went like a blanket in our house, and the presence of the Lord filled our home.
He said, 'I waited to speak not on My day, but on your day,' for He always deflects.
He said, 'Brandon...
' it was the way He said it.
Diana, do you remember exactly the words He used?
Yeah, the Holy Spirit said, 'I always deflect the glory upwards to Heaven, towards Jesus and the Father.
' He said, 'You've always asked these questions of Me, and you've never had the answer.
Today, I'm going to answer some questions about Me.
' Ladies and gentlemen, in visions, He appeared before me.
To describe what the Holy Spirit would look like in the natural, I can't.
It is breathtaking.
I had a visitation.
I've had a lot of amazing things that the Lord over the years has showed me, but this was beyond one of the top experiences I've ever had.
As He came, whenever He was talking about the giftings being poured out on the 25th, He showed me the Chariots of Fire flowing over the Earth's atmosphere.
I saw the gifts being distributed out to the people, floating down and going inside of them as the Chariots of Fire were going around, similar to what you would consider Santa's sleigh, but it was angelic.
All of them were distributing, floating above the atmosphere of the Earth, and I could see them shooting around, giving the gifts out to the people—the spiritual mantles.
Whenever they did, it floated down and went inside of them as impartations.
This is what I saw in the visions.
The Lord showed me certain boxes and said to me, 'You see those boxes?
I wanted to bring the gift, but they weren't ready for it.
' Because they weren't ready for it, He had to take it back.
There were not as many gifts distributed as was originally planned because the people's hearts weren't ready.
They had a hardened heart.
He can only bring what you will receive; the Holy Spirit is a gentleman who loves His children, but if you reject Him and say, 'I don't want that,' He can't give you something that you don't want.
So whenever He said to me those people were not ready to receive it, it was because they wanted more of the world than they wanted Him.
They wanted more of what their flesh desired than to crucify their flesh and pick up the cross and follow Him.
I felt so grieved as I saw the Chariot of Fire turn and go back up into heaven, and they had that package still on the back of that chariot.
He was ready; He wanted to give it, but their heart was hardened towards it and they didn't want it.
But the gifts were delivered on Christmas, just like He said they would.
I saw them, and they fell down and went into the people.
They were beautiful gifts, and He said, 'These are end-time mantles that the glorious church will walk in now.
' He says as of this day things will change, and you will see it now.
In a 24-hour period, you'll start to see the development—cultivation is a good word—of it coming up out of you as you keep your eyes vertical towards Me, always looking up towards Me, not horizontal.
Keeping it vertical is what's going to change you in the days ahead, keeping in step with Me.
And the Holy Spirit showed me a massive, beautiful glove that represented us.
He showed me Him, and He was a hand; He went into the glove and empowered it.
But the glove was lifeless without Him; it flopped around like a leather glove would without the Holy Spirit.
As the Holy Spirit filled that glove, the glove became alive, and He was able to use it.
The glove touches things, the glove lifts things, the hand removes things, but it's the Holy Spirit in the glove.
A human hand is what gives the glove power.
Does that make sense?
So the Holy Spirit came in that glove, and the glove started to glow.
As long as the hand was inside that glove, it had power.
Whenever He took His hand out of it, the glove was lifeless again.
So He showed me what His mission is always to do.
I saw a massive mirror.
He was holding the mirror, and He seems really mysterious to the natural mind because He's real quiet and to Himself.
Whenever you feel His presence, it changes everything, but it's always to give God the glory, to give the Father glory and Jesus the glory.
Holy Spirit was taking us and all the praise that was coming from the Body of Christ.
'Holy Spirit, Thou art welcome in this place.
' He was taking that mirror and shining it towards the Father.
Just like Jesus says, 'I do nothing in this earth without my Father instructing me to do it, and I give all the glory to the Father.
' Jesus was the Lord in the flesh; the Word became flesh and dwelt among us, the Bible says.
The Holy Spirit was always magnifying with that mirror, shining that light and reflecting it on the Father.
Every single time praise was coming towards Him, He said, 'I always keep myself humble before the Father.
' The Spirit was keeping humble before the Father by pushing the praises to the Father.
There are three: Jesus, the Father, and the Holy Spirit.
And the way He appeared to me was glorious.
I will not go into the way He looked; there are no words in the English vocabulary that can go into the depth and try to explain.
He's vast; He had a barrel chest.
I saw Him in physical form.
He formed Himself before me, and I could see His robe.
I can honestly tell you, it was beyond anything my natural mind can comprehend.
He showed me, 'Brandon, I will work with you now, and we will work together at a greater level—you, your wife, and your son—for this ministry that I'm calling you to.
' He says, 'As you walk this out, we will work well together as long as you realize that you are a man and you will deflect the praise from men that will try to be given to you because of the anointing that you will walk under.
You will always deflect the glory to the Father.
' He said as long as you always deflect the glory to the Father, we will get along just fine.
But the moment you ever take the praise for yourself, it's done.
That's how serious it was.
'You are a man, and you are always to deflect the glory from yourself and be quick to give the Father the glory and praise for what He's doing through you.
You are a glove that I will operate through, but our job is to always deflect the glory to the Father and to Jesus.
' Does this make sense, folks?
It was so out there.
He said, 'As of today, you will operate with the angels, and your ministry will grow in a greater capacity in healing and demonstrations and manifestations of this great outpouring that I'm about to do in this earth.
' He spoke to me and showed me the angels, and they were standing at attention.
He said, 'You will work with them, but you're not to communicate with them on a one-on-one basis like this; it's through Me.
' I won't go into depth of all that, but it was a 'wow' as the angel hosts were standing before me.
The Lord said, 'This is how you will do this together.
' He commissioned me and showed me all of this.
He started talking to me about Diana and said great things about my wife, beautiful things.
If she ever wants to tell you those things, she can, but some of it is private.
Then He spoke to me about my children.
After this visitation that lasted for probably 45 minutes to an hour, it was so holy.
It was a Holy Experience.
'Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts.
' And who am I that the Father would want to visit me, my wife, and my children on her birthday?
It was such an honor.
As my wife wept, we all wept that He would wait until her birthday, until the clock struck midnight, to say, 'Now I want to celebrate you; I want to celebrate your life.
' He gave my wife a vision of her being birthed, how He breathed the first breath she ever took.
She saw herself in that, as a baby taking her first breath, and the Holy Spirit breathed life into her.
God said, 'I was there.
I'm a proud father today.
' She could see the nurses taking care of her, cleaning her up as she was being brought into this world.
I tell you these things that are so precious to us not to brag, but to fan your flame because there's more out there.
I came in the last video and it hurt a lot; a lot of the comments and persecution hurt.
My heart is always to help you and to pour out everything I have because I know you're hurting so bad.
But there's some of you—it's like a dog that's been hit in the street.
You go out there to help the dog that's been injured, and the natural reaction, because that dog is in pain, is that the dog retaliates and bites the hand of the one trying to help him.
I feel there's a lot of you that have a lot of pain, and as I reach down to try to pick you up out of the gutter that you've been thrown in by life's trauma, abuse, and rejection, you have a tendency to try to bite the hand that's trying to help you.
My heart is pure.
I just want to lift you up and tell you that Jesus has a plan for your life, and that's not always received well from some of you because I see your emails and comments.
My son had to spend half his day erasing the comments from the people biting us.
You call me a false prophet, you call me all these terrible things.
I'm not here to make you feel sorry for me; I just see you as you're hurting, and we're here to help you.
I watched as it grieved me when I made the communion first, showing you the birthday cake, giving God praise first, and then giving you what my heart was pure to give you as a Christmas present.
You fast-forwarded all that, and the algorithm shows me you didn't want anything to do with Jesus.
Almost 55% out of 70,000 views had nothing to do with communion, nothing to do with giving God glory.
You just wanted what would benefit you; you just wanted what would make you rich potentially.
We're all human and we see through the glass dimly or darkly, but you don't want a relationship with Him.
He wants a relationship with you so bad.
He looks for it every day, but you don't even want to give Him value for His birthday.
You say it's not His birthday, it's just the day that we celebrate it.
Well, if you pick a day, at least celebrate Him.
If you don't want to celebrate December 25th because you say it's a pagan holiday and I get ridiculed for it, then by all means, pick December 27th.
I don't care.
But He came as a man, died, and rose again for you so that you don't have to go to hell.
He deserves our praise and our worship regardless.
Fast-forwarding it all just to get what He gives so freely...
He said, 'I come that you might have life and life more abundantly.
' What does that mean to you?
He wants for you to have life and life more abundantly, to the full until it overflows.
He said, 'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
' Everything that you ever need, He's already provided, but you want to bypass intimacy.
53% want to bypass the intimacy of the Father to get to the blessing only, and that's treating Him like a whore, and it grieved me.
So I give you something that's so precious to me and you say, 'Well, Brandon, you're a false prophet.
You said a crash was coming.
' I told you, ladies and gentlemen, He said He wanted to give us a window of opportunity.
He said, 'I will not hold anything from My beloved.
' He came to Abraham and warned him what was coming in Sodom and Gomorrah to help Lot.
So, as His friend, He comes and warns His friends what's coming and says, 'I want to give My friends more time.
I want to give them a window because what's coming will devastate many of you.
' A lot of you will not make it out of—is it a tribulation?
It's the birthing pains before tribulation.
You do not have a comprehension of how bad tribulation will be, but He is giving a window of opportunity before the ark door closes.
He wants you to be prepared, so He speaks through me and you take what is holy at the beginning and rub your feet all over it.
You just grab ahold of what you thought would benefit you, but you're missing it.
He is what will benefit you.
This is all going to burn.
Money is a tool to bring forth the glory for Him.
The very thing that you think that you don't need at the beginning is what would change you, so it's to sustain you for this, but this is just a tool.
And the world—that's all they want, but yet they're so empty.
They're the dog in the road biting the people's hands, trying to figure out how to fill the hurt.
All the busted and disgusted memories...
you bite the hand wanting what you think you need, and you have no idea what you need.
You need Him.
You need communion; you need fellowship.
To the 20-some percent of you that wanted it, I pray it blessed you.
This is what will cause you to grow up spiritually and hear Him.
'I will hear the Lord's voice, and a stranger's voice I will not follow.
' This is what you need to hear Him, because if you spend time here, you'll hear for this.
But this is so volatile; it goes up and down so much.
You think you're going to maintain and keep it?
You won't.
He said if you're not hearing Me and being vertical, you will not know when to pull your money out, and you will not know when to put your money in.
He told me that many, because all they want is this, will be broke in a 24-hour period.
They will lose it all.
They don't even realize they've been brought to the starting line, but they'll never make it to the finish line because you do not realize how bad it's about to get.
He gave us a window and called this a season of grace.
How long is that season?
I don't know.
When you're looking into a vision, you think it's four years, but it could be four days, four weeks, four months, or forty years.
All I know is the season that is coming is very dark for the world, and great financial hardship is coming.
Dark days, so much so that many of you will stand in line for hours just to get a bag—I saw a grocery sack of food, a paper sack of food that they'll give you by FEMA because there are great trade wars with China and America coming.
We depend solely on China for a lot of our goods, and when the tariffs come in, remember what I tell you: there will be a day when China says, 'We're not sending anything; we're not doing business with you for a while' as a strike.
When this strike takes place, our grocery stores, our Walmarts, our Targets will have nothing in them.
I saw shelves with cobwebs in the corners, representing a longer period of time with nothing on them.
They had to take the goods from one store and put it in another to fill that store up, then shut that store down.
That's how bad it was.
I saw a house of cards falling.
I saw interest rates skyrocketing again because they couldn't control it.
Everything they are trying to tell you right now with Jerome Powell and all that—they don't know what to do.
The house of cards is falling, folks.
We see that Donald Trump will come in with a plan orchestrated by the Solomon anointing that God's going to use him for, but I saw a period of darkness.
He took the paddles and he brought America back, and the darkness lifted a little bit.
The shock came and it lifted the darkness up above the trees so that we can maintain life a little bit, that America could have a reprieve.
Because what is coming is a dam of bad things that has tried to manifest on America because of the past administration.
It is by the grace of God if this thing does not all fall apart.
I saw churches and major congregations close down because the notes on their churches were too much; the people weren't able to give to help support these megachurches.
But God told me that He would protect His remnant.
I pray you're one of them—the ones that want to take communion, the ones that look to Him and are desperate.
They are not the dog in the street; they are the ones that say, 'I'm desperate for Him.
' I am a sheep, not a dog.
I will hear Him on what to do because He wants to give each and every one of you an opportunity so that you don't have to go through the hell that's about to take place.
That was my heart in telling you the Five Pillars.
I pulled the video because of how much hate I got for it.
It grieved my spirit.
Some say Kim is a better prophet.
I never said I was.
Where does this come from?
All these people comparing me to Kim Clement.
Kim Clement was an amazing man of God, and for you to even put me in the same category...
I don't even feel worthy of it.
But folks, you say his words come to pass and mine don't.
Interesting.
Kim Clement gave those prophetic words 15 years ago, and I remember as a younger person I used to call him a false prophet because his words didn't come to pass in a year, or two years, or three years.
Now, 15 years later, those words are coming to pass and you all say he is so accurate.
But he's not even here to see it; he's with the Father.
His daughter, Jane, is posting those words, or they would have been forgotten.
He commissioned his daughter to put those words out to honor the words he gave 20 years ago to warn you.
Now we see it in 2025 and you go, 'Wow, this guy has it all together.
' But 15 years ago, prior, you'd say he's a false prophet.
Me?
I've been on the internet for a year and a month, and I have so many haters saying Brandon is a false prophet.
I see this stuff, but he said other than a couple of things, not much has come to pass.
Maybe XRP went up in value a little bit, but it falls.
I told you it was volatile.
I see as a Watchman on a wall because I tell you, I don't feel like I'm a prophet; I'm a Watchman.
I pray and obey.
After yesterday, I am much more than even that for what the Lord has showed me I have to do.
I don't even need a label.
Who am I?
No one.
I'm a glove.
I'm a glove that He chose, and He can choose anybody.
So where I'm going with this is I'm warning you of time to come.
Like a fine meal, the best cheese has to ferment and gets better for consumption.
Kim's word back then was a word that a lot of you would take and say, 'That's a false prophetic word' without letting it age.
But now, that word is perfect for today, and you say that is a right-on plate of food.
He is like Elijah in these days.
So he passes on and the Lord comes to me and says, 'Brandon, I want you to go on YouTube.
' I said I don't want to do that.
But somebody has to fulfill the race as the other generals go home.
John Kilpatrick—not to replace him, but the call is still there.
The mission of getting the gospel out is still there.
John Paul Jackson went home.
The Lord says somebody has to take the baton in the relay race and finish this because I'm coming and the people still need to be warned.
So I stand on the wall and I say, I'm warning you, I'm warning you, I'm warning you—not in a job that I want to do.
I'd rather be reclusive, but the Lord says, 'I want to anoint you like a glove and I want you to speak for Me.
' So I warn you.
I do not know the time frame, but I'm warning you: a great financial crisis is coming.
I'm warning you about crypto and the dollar.
I'm warning you about gold.
I'm warning you about Jesus coming.
You better get your house in order.
I'm warning you that a plague is coming worse than COVID.
It will kill millions and millions of people.
Great war will come; it will break out in Israel and Europe, and Ezekiel is about to happen.
You'll see Turkey gain strength and they're going to do a lot in 2025.
I saw boxcars full of soldiers from North Korea being led to Russia.
These men were excited to leave the communistic party of Kim Jong-un, excited to go to war even if they lose their lives because they're not trained enough.
I saw these people perishing on the battlefield because they're weak and they don't have enough nutrients.
I saw things happening; I saw hundreds of thousands of troops coming out of North Korea on trains.
They weren't warriors; they were farmers.
I heard Him say, 'These are expendable people; they're worthless to me.
' He was just giving them away; he could dispose of them because it doesn't cost him anything.
We deal with a sick, twisted world where life doesn't mean anything, but we have a job to do: to pray for people so that they would know Jesus Christ.
The Lord told me you will take the gospel throughout all of Asia in 2025.
He said, 'I want you to spread your wings, Brandon, and put it on every available voice in Asia, translating your videos into their language, for they are starving for Me.
' So we're doing it.
And all of you that are watching over there, welcome.
I'm only asking for you all to not be so quick to judge whether it's a false prophecy.
If it feels false to you, then put it on a shelf.
But what I feel in my spirit is that I hear the Lord right on; it's just timing.
You say you have discernment, but yet a lot of you have no idea of His voice.
He's that still, small voice.
Don't be like a religious Pharisee that saw Jesus operating right in front of him but couldn't see it because their hearts were hardened.
I pray for you daily that you have an intimate relationship with the Father so that you don't have to watch a YouTube video, but that you hear Him through your spiritual ears.
My job is not to teach you about finances; that was me and compassion—stupidly, I should not have done that.
My job is to warn you how to get closer to the Father so that you can have the Holy Spirit operate inside of you, so that you're that glove that He touches the world with.
We have one last call; the ark is getting ready to close.
That's all that matters—whether you are able to fund it or you are the widow's mite.
Just do your part.
You don't have to have millions, but God's going to need the ones that have a little bit of something to say, 'Listen, I know the gospel takes millions of dollars to spread.
' If the dollar crashes, who can He use to bring this gospel forth?
Let's stay on the same team.
We're all part of the body.
They may be a toe and you don't like the way the toe is painted, but it's a toe.
We're just really quick to be mean.
My son tells me the Asian people are so kind; there's none of them like the Americans that are always attacking.
The Asians are just hungry, and that's the way we all should be.
He showed me again; He was standing at the door.
He said, 'Brandon, I'm standing at the door.
' Jesus was standing at the door again, waiting.
He's about to open that door when He gets the word from the Father, 'Go get your bride.
' How many of you have your lamps full of oil?
Are you the five virgins that have their lamps that are not full, or are you the five that have them full and are waiting?
I beg you, please don't lose your eyes on the money; don't lose your eyes on what you can gain from a prophetic word and skip the communion.
Jesus loves you; He just wants intimacy with you.
He'll tell you all this stuff Himself.
I apologize; I have so much to learn.
I grieved Him.
He said it was okay to talk about things, but it's a holy moment.
My attitude is always to point you to Him.
I pray He's an ever-present help for you today.
Blessed are those that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they will be filled.
Money is such a distraction because it makes the flesh feel comfortable, but dying to self is what it's about.
Once you taste and see that the Lord is good, there's nothing that ever tastes good like He does.
He visits you on your wife's birthday and the presence of the Lord fills your whole house, and He allows you to see something so holy.
God, help me.
I pray that you would know Him—not about Him.
You can know a lot about me, but you don't know me.
You spend your life with the one you love the most and you become intimate with them.
My desire today is for you to know Him.
I'm going to do my best to come on as much as the Holy Spirit will give me a word, but I am not coming on here every day if I don't have a word.
This is His channel, and if I don't feel that He's inside the glove, I am not going to operate.
I'm not a content creator; I am a person who wants to bring a fresh breath of living water to you.
We love you all.
Father, I pray for every single one of them today.
I thank You for that fresh touch and that fresh drink of Your living water.
I thank You, Father, that there is a supernatural outpouring of Your Spirit.
I thank You, Lord, that we're always at the right place at the right time, hearing Your voice.
I thank You for every single person represented here today—that they're blessed and prosperous, and their minds are renewed.
I thank You, Father, that we keep telling people how to find Jesus.
We love you all.
We pray covering over President Trump and over his cabinet.
And we thank You, Lord, that Elon Musk is born again.
Amen and amen.
Well, if you're new here and you want to subscribe, subscribe.
If not, it's cool.
I'm just tired of the hoopla.
It helps the algorithm and helps get the gospel out, but if you get it, you get it.
We love you all and appreciate the support for my family.
God bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
We will see you all again soon.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.